Make the docs more clear (#1360)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/README.md

> The path where you put the binaries is referenced as `$INSTALL_DIR`

> #### Install using `download.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install from the terminal
```

> You can do it in Shell by using the [download.sh](../download.sh) script
> which uses following environment variables as parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the instrumentation by running the [download.sh](../download.sh) script,
which takes the values of the following environment variables as parameters:
```

> The path where you put the binaries is referenced as `$INSTALL_DIR`

### Instrument a .NET application

When running your application, make sure to:

1. Set the [resources](config.md#resources).
2. Set the environment variables from the table below.

| Environment variable                 | .NET version           | Value                                                                               |
|--------------------------------------|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `COR_ENABLE_PROFILING`               | .NET Framework         | `1`                                                                                 |
| `COR_PROFILER`                       | .NET Framework         | `{918728DD-259F-4A6A-AC2B-B85E1B658318}`                                            |

> | `COR_PROFILER_PATH_32`               | .NET Framework         | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x86/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |

Reviewer 2: What's about COR_PROFILER_PATH? It is also supported.

Author: Same as below.

| `COR_PROFILER_PATH_64`               | .NET Framework         | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x64/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |
| `CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING`           | .NET (Core)            | `1`                                                                                 |
| `CORECLR_PROFILER`                   | .NET (Core)            | `{918728DD-259F-4A6A-AC2B-B85E1B658318}`                                            |

> | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on Linux   | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH=$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.so`    |
> | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on macOS   | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH=$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dylib` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on Linux   | `$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.so`    |
| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on macOS   | `$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dylib` |
```

| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_32`           | .NET (Core) on Windows | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x86/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |

> | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_64`           | .NET (Core) on Windows | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x64/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |

Author: It is but we are recommending using both `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_32` and `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_64` instead. The same recommendation is currently on `main` and the same behavior can be found in `envvars.sh`

> | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_64`           | .NET (Core) on Windows | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x64/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |

Author: We even do not encourage setting it on Windows in `config.md`.

| `DOTNET_SHARED_STORE`                | .NET (Core)            | `$INSTALL_DIR/store`                                                                |
| `DOTNET_STARTUP_HOOKS`               | .NET (Core)            | `$INSTALL_DIR/netcoreapp3.1/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.StartupHook.dll`      |
| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_HOME`              | All versions           | `$INSTALL_DIR`                                                                      |
| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_INTEGRATIONS_FILE` | All versions           | `$INSTALL_DIR/integrations.json`                                                    |

> Some settings can be omitted on .NET (Core). For more information, see [config.md](config.md#net-clr-profiler).

### Shell scripts

You can install OpenTelemetry .NET Automatic Instrumentation
and instrument your .NET application using the provided Shell scripts.
Example usage:

```sh
export OS_TYPE=linux-glibc
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/main/download.sh -O
sh ./download.sh
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/main/instrument.sh

> . ./instrument.sh

Author: What do you think of including the `instrument.sh` and `instrument.ps1` to the `zip` file (so that they do not have to be additionally downloaded)?

Then we could change these 2 lines to 

```sh
. ./otel-dotnet-auto/instrument.sh
```

I would rather address it in a separate PR.

Reviewer 3: After considering loads of different install options, I think instrument.sh is definitely needed and should be in the package.
(since in linux you probably need to configure some service watch, so you can easily add instrument.sh before the real applications wake up call)

Leaves only question about service discovery if custom path was used. I don't have currently any real clues for Linux, why you should have custom path.

Author: 1. If one uses a custom path then he/she can use `$INSTALL_DIR`
2. I think it would be better if the parameter name would be `$OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_HOME` -> then one could set it globally. It will be also "unique". 

> instrument.sh is definitely needed and should be in the package

After we do it and make a release, we update the script in README.md to take advantage of it. But no sooner than that (we need the package to be published.

| `TMPDIR`       | Temporary directory used when downloading the files              | No       | `$(mktemp -d)`                                                                    |
| `VERSION`      | Version to download                                              | No       | `v0.3.1-beta.1`                                                                   |

Example usage:

```sh
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/main/download.sh -O && \
DISTRIBUTION=linux-glibc sh ./download.sh
```

### Instrument a .NET application

Before running your application, set the following environment variables:

> | Environment variable                 | For                    | Value                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment variable                 | .NET version                    | Value                                                                               |
```

| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on Linux   | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH=$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.so`    |
| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH`              | .NET (Core) on macOS   | `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH=$INSTALL_DIR/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dylib` |
| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_32`           | .NET (Core) on Windows | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x86/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |
| `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH_64`           | .NET (Core) on Windows | `$INSTALL_DIR/win-x64/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dll`                 |
| `DOTNET_ADDITIONAL_DEPS`             | .NET (Core)            | `$INSTALL_DIR/AdditionalDeps`                                                       |
| `DOTNET_SHARED_STORE`                | .NET (Core)            | `$INSTALL_DIR/store`                                                                |
| `DOTNET_STARTUP_HOOKS`               | .NET (Core)            | `$INSTALL_DIR/netcoreapp3.1/OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.StartupHook.dll`      |

> | `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_HOME`              | all                    | `$INSTALL_DIR`                                                                      |
> | `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_INTEGRATIONS_FILE` | all                    | `$INSTALL_DIR/integrations.json`                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_HOME`              | All versions                    | `$INSTALL_DIR`                                                                      |
| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_INTEGRATIONS_FILE` | All versions                    | `$INSTALL_DIR/integrations.json`                                                    |
```

> > Some configuration can be omitted on .NET (Core). More info [here](config.md#net-clr-profiler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some settings can be omitted on .NET (Core). For more information, see [config.md](config.md#net-clr-profiler).
```

> Additionally, set the [resources](config.md#resources) when running your application.

Reviewer: @pellared Can we make this a step previous to the settings table? 

1. Install the instrumentation
2. Define mandatory env vars and resources
3. Further configure

Author: I will probably need a little help. Maybe you will be able to create a little PR or we will try to call each other 😉

Author: I tried here 8e9a44f99

> #### Instrument a .NET application using `instrument.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Instrument a .NET application from the terminal
```

> You can set them in Shell by using the [instrument.sh](../instrument.sh)
> script which uses following environment variables as parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can instrument applications by using the [instrument.sh](../instrument.sh)
script, which takes the values of the following environment variables as parameters:
```
